Update switchCase.adoc (#695)
arduino/reference-en: Language/Structure/Control Structure/switchCase.adoc

[%hardbreaks]

> 

Author: Yes, it is not necessary. 
It's my first time using gitHub, so I'm not familiar with everything here.
Make all the changes you see fit with spelling, grammar and structure. My idea was to just get the info in here some how. ;)

=== Returns
Nothing

> --

Reviewer: This [block](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/blocks/) delimiter markup is required in order for the document to be valid AsciiDoc.

=== Returns
Nothing

> [float]

Author: Yes, I think I got the changes in the right place now?

=== Note

> If you need to declare one, or more, variables in a case you need to use curly brackets {} to define the scope specific to that case statement and define your variable within it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to declare a variable in a case, use curly brackets {} to define a scope within the case statement to avoid a "crosses initialization of" compiler error. 
```

  case 1:
    //do something when var equals 1

>     break;

Reviewer: Since the "Notes and Warnings" section comes after the "Example Code" section, I think it would be better to leave the example code as it was and instead add a code snippet in the "Notes and Warnings" section to demonstrate what you mean. This could just be the case.

Author: Yes, I think I got the changes in the right place now?

>   case 2:{

Reviewer: Arduino's standard formatting style is to pad the opening brace.
```suggestion
  case 2: {
```

----
[%hardbreaks]

[float]
=== Notes and Warnings
// Add useful notes, tips, caveat, known issues, and warnings about this Reference term

> If you need to declare a variable in a case, use curly brackets {} to define a scope within the case statement to avoid a "crosses initialization of" compiler error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to declare a variable for use in a case, use link:../../further-syntax/curlybraces[curly braces] (`{`, `}`) to define a scope within the case statement to avoid a "crosses initialization of" compiler error. 
```
- Make it a little bit more clear why the reader might declare a variable in a case.
- Use Arduino's preferred name for braces: https://www.arduino.cc/reference/en/language/structure/further-syntax/curlybraces/
- Link to ["curly braces" reference page](https://www.arduino.cc/reference/en/language/structure/further-syntax/curlybraces/)
- Improve formatting of braces symbols

[source,arduino]
----
switch (var) {
  case 1:
    //do something when var equals 1
    break;
  case 2: {
    //do something when var equals 2
    int var2 = 1337; //to declare a variable you need the curly brackets
    break;
  }
  default:
    // if nothing else matches, do the default

>     // default is optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This information does not add any value to the demonstration of the use of braces to create a scope in a case and has already been mentioned in the existing general example sketch.
